well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about an
old story and how it has progressed over
the last couple of years and very
curious to see what you guys think about
it so on July 26 2017 a former Olympic
skier turned nurse was arrested she's
taken into custody anyway for presumably
obstruction of justice happened at the
University of Utah hospital in Salt Lake
City now the reason it happened was a
police officer was demanding a blood
draw from a patient an unconscious
patient she stepped in and was
explaining that you know that's
violation of patients rights the patient
has to be under arrest
give consent or you need a warrant there
is viral body cam footage of the arrest
she was later released without charge
the arresting officer was fired and the
lieutenant was demoted to rank I believe
supervisor I think there was an
accusation that the supervisor may have
said something along the lines of well
you may have to arrest her then
something to that effect now I know
nurses nurses tend to see the best in
people and they are big on
accountability that's all that charting
it's all that charted and even though
they hate it they they see the use of it
they know why it's important so it was
absolutely no surprise to me when nurse
wobbles decided to sell could just
settle for $500,000 measly five hundred
thousand bucks with a portion of that
going to make it easier for body camera
footage to be released to the public
now for the resting officers case on his
side
November 8th 2018 he was quoted in nurse
org as saying that he believed himself
to be the sacrificial lamb and that it
was just negativity generated by people
who hate cops and that he had to do
something
as he sued for 1.5 million for losing
his job miss wobbles for her part nurse
wobbles was listed as one of the best
physicians maybe top 10 physicians of
2017 because this incident outside
looking in the appearance was that she
stood in the way of an officer of using
his authority and she stopped the
violation of a patient's rights so
there's a new date to add to this
timeline which is August 9th August 9th
is the day that that Officer started
work former officer started work the
medical unit in the jail and Webber as a
civilian Corrections on assistant
I'm curious to hear your thoughts on
that some might suggest that he didn't
do anything wrong to begin with some
might suggest that he learned from a
mistake which I'm not sure he's ever
admitted that he's made others might
suggest that an officer who appeared to
attempt to violate the rights of a
patient and abuse his authority might
not should be working in a facility
where the patients don't have an
advocate necessarily anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day